{"en":"--- lesson 17  The longest suspension bridge in the world ","ch":"世界上最长的吊桥 "}
{"en":"Verrazano,  an Italian about whom little is known,  sailed into New York Harbour in 1524 and named it Angouleme. ^ 1524","ch":"年， 一位鲜为人知的意大利人维拉萨诺驾船驶进纽约港， 并将该港名为安古拉姆。  "}
{"en":"He described it as 'a very agreeable situation located within two small hills in the midst of which flowed a great river. '^ ","ch":"他对该港作了这样的描述：“地理位置十分适宜， 位于两座小山的中间， 一条大河从中间流过”。  "}
{"en":"Though Verrazano is by no means considered to be a great explorer,  his name will probably remain immortal, ^ ","ch":"虽然维拉萨诺绝对算不上一个伟大的探险家， 但他的名字将流芳百世，  "}
{"en":"for on November 21st,  1964,  the longest suspension bridge in the world was named after him. ^ ","ch":"因为1964年11月21日建成的一座世界上最长的吊桥是以他的名字命名的。  "}
{"en":"The Verrazano Bridge,  which was designed by Othmar Ammann,  joins Brooklyn to Staten Island. ^ ","ch":"维拉萨诺大桥由奥斯马. 阿曼设计， 连结着布鲁克林与斯塔顿岛，  "}
{"en":"The bridge is so long that the shape of the earth had to be taken into account by its designer. ^ ","ch":"由于桥身太长， 设计者不得不考虑了地表的形状。  "}
{"en":"The towers are built on immense underwater platforms made of steel and concrete. ^ ","ch":"塔身建在巨大的水下钢筋混凝土平台上。  "}
{"en":"The platforms extend to a depth of over 100 feet under the sea. ^ ","ch":"平台深入海底100英尺。  "}
{"en":"Above the surface of the water,  the towers rise to a height of nearly 700 feet. ^ ","ch":"塔身高出水面将近700英尺。  "}
{"en":"They support the cables from which the bridge has been suspended. ^ ","ch":"高塔支撑着钢缆， 而钢缆又悬吊着大桥。  "}
{"en":"Each of the four cables contains 26, 108 lengths of wire. ^ 4","ch":"根钢缆中的每根由26， 108股钢绳组成。  "}
{"en":"It has been estimated that if the bridge were packed with cars,  it would still only be carrying a third of its total capacity. ^ ","ch":"据估计， 若桥上摆满了汽车， 也只不过是桥的总承载力的1/3。  "}
{"en":"However,  size and strength are not the only important things about this bridge. ^ ","ch":"然而， 这座桥的重要特点不仅是它的规模与强度。  "}
{"en":"Despite its immensity,  it is both simple and elegant, ^ ","ch":"尽管此桥很大， 但它的结构简单， 造型优美，  "}
{"en":"fulfilling its designer's dream to create 'an enormous object drawn as faintly as possible'. ^ ","ch":"实现了设计者企图创造一个“尽量用细线条勾画出一个庞然大物”的梦想。  "}